the ancient Japanese considered to go
bored to be a microcosm of the universe
although when it is empty it appears to
be simple and ordered the possibilities
of gameplay are endless
there's in note to go games have ever
been elected like snowflakes so the go
board actually represents an extremely
complex and chaotic universe and that is
the truth of our world max it can't be
easily summed up with math there is no
simple ad but as a go game progresses
the possibilities become smaller and
smaller the board does take on order
then all the moves are predictable
that's so so so maybe even though we're
not sophisticated enough to be aware of
it there is a pattern an order
underlying every go game maybe that
pattern is like the pattern in the stock
market the Torah this 2/6 the new number
this is insanity max well maybe it's
genius
I have to get that no we're done you
have to slow down you're losing it you
have to take a breath listen to yourself
you're connecting a computer book I had
with a computer book you might have had
on some religious hogwash you want to
find the number 216 in the world you
will be able to find it everywhere
216 steps from your street corner to
your front door 216 seconds you spent
riding on the elevator when your mind
becomes obsessed with anything you will
filter everything else out and find that
thing everywhere 320 450 22 whatever
you've chosen 216 and you will find it
everywhere in nature but max as soon as
you discard scientific rigor you're no
longer a mathematician you're a
numerologist